DOC-3976-CD-Release-Notes-1.25.x (#5433)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-delivery.md

## February 2024

### Version 1.25.5

#### Fixed issues
- ECS service used to get deleted after first/second deployment in ECS Blue Green Deployment(CDS-91499, ZD-57892)
   The issue is fixed by adding a condition for active service status.
- The chained pipeline's input section in the Harness UI did not have the option to fetch manifests from the Git store for runtime config fields. (CDS-91387, ZD-57687)
   This issue is fixed now and you should be able to set the defaults correctly.
- Codeblocks embedded in Support AI replies were not rendering correctly. (CDS-91364)
   This issue is fixed now.
- In step details panel one stage moved the step details panel for other stages as well.(CDS-91351)

>    The steps graph in the execution view has been updated to auto-reset its position when they are dragged out of the visible area of the UI.

Reviewer: The steps graph in the Execution View is now updated to auto-reset its position when a different stage is selected.

>    The steps graph in the execution view has been updated to auto-reset its position when they are dragged out of the visible area of the UI.

Author: ```suggestion
   The steps graph in the Execution View is now updated to auto-reset its position when a different stage is selected.
```

## February 2024

### Version 1.25.5

#### Fixed issues

> - ECS services got deleted after the first or second deployment in th ECS Blue Green deployment. (CDS-91499, ZD-57892)

Author: ```suggestion
- ECS services got deleted after the first or second deployment in the ECS Blue Green deployment. (CDS-91499, ZD-57892)
```
